[Music]
I
so that bath bomb wasn't actually bath
bomb it was a bubble bath I dropped it
in and obviously nothing happened
candles and I'm saying an autumn
acoustic playlist from Spotify is that
meow
[Music]
humming bride with the mosses Oh like
this
let's go cookies and I've got these are
interesting and that's got a feeling
like this disposition we found pumpkins
oh my god we have found this massive
display of pumpkins which you can buy
over it's not focused
literally in heaven here I love pumpkins
can we make a real pumpkin something can
we actually carve a pumpkin and was like
big way
[Music]
[Applause]
where are we
[Music]
okay so it's currently through a clot
and we have made a broth which are going
to have for lunch
[Music]
firstly vegetable broth okay so I'm
going off home now and we're just
heading to the station but we're doing a
longer journey I'm so I'm in the car for
longer
[Music]
it's her own equal to us 9 and I'm back
in my university room as you can see I
have started to put up these fairy
lights but because they're the ones that
hang down I have just kind of put it
like this for now and then I'm going to
maybe go over it and work out something
which might work better cuz at the
moment
Atticus's face is kind of covered I also
finished putting up my polaroid prints
and I set up my dining table really
nicely basically I didn't really like
the way that this table looked I wanted
it to look like something I would really
feel happy to have in my room and
something I would be really happy to use
everyday so I'm about to just do some
editing now and I am also kind of I've
watched half of Holly's new video have
hack with me for university which I'm
really enjoying and I'm just gonna get
some editing done and then I'm gonna
watch the other half of it yes I just
want to say thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and have productively okay I
actually just realized something I know
everybody's end of this vlog so I'm
sorry but I just realized that this is
my very last vlog that I'm coming out of
these first two weeks at university so
you might remember that I said I was
vlogging the first 14 days of University
because when I thought two weeks I
thought Sunday to Sunday even though
should have been Saturday's Saturday's
you got today's vlog as a little extra I
wasn't supposed to post this one but
nonetheless thank you so much for
watching this series of videos if sorry
my parents texting me I will reply to
them in a second thank you so much for
watching this series of videos if you
have watched them all the way through
watching me settle into university I
hope that if you are settling into
University yourself and this has been
helpful and ultimately if you are
thinking about University at the moment
maybe this has provided some solace to
you maybe this has helped to show you
what university life is like how I
approach you know
he will be different how others approach
er everyone approaches it in a slightly
different way so in terms of freshers
week I did activities others wouldn't
have done and others did activities that
I wouldn't have done I just want to make
you aware the fact that there is
disparity there yes okay so thank you
for watching this video and these vlogs
and have a productive week and I really
really hope that was in focus because
I'm not actually wearing my glasses